.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" Modified 2000/11/30 by Wei Yongming.

.TH "Accelerator" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Accelerator \- Accelerator support functions

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "HACCEL GUIAPI CopyAcceleratorTable" "(HACCEL hacc);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI DeleteAccelerators" "(HACCEL hacc, int key, DWORD keymask);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI AddAccelerators" "(HACCEL hacc,int key, DWORD keymask, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI DestroyAcceleratorTable" "(HACCEL hacc);"
.br
.BI "HACCEL GUIAPI CreateAcceleratorTable" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "HACCEL GUIAPI LoadAccelerators" "(const char* filename, int id);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBCopyAcceleratorTable\fP function copies the specified accelerator table. This function is used to obtain the accelerator-table data that corresponds to an accelerator-table handle, or to determine the size of the accelerator-table data. 
.PP
\fBDeleteAccelerators\fP function deletes an accelerator from the accelerator table.
.PP
\fBAddAccelerators\fP function adds an accelerator to the accelerator table. It's called after you call \fBCreateAcceleratorTable\fP function.
.PP
\fBDestroyAcceleratorTable\fP function destroys an accelerator table. Before closing a window, you must call this function to destroy each accelerator table that is created by using the \fBCreateAcceleratorTable\fP function. 
.PP
\fBCreateAcceleratorTable\fP function creates an accelerator table. 
.PP
\fBLoadAccelerators\fP function loads the specified accelerator table. This function has not been implemented.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Song Lixin <zjujoe@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
