.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "SysChar" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
SysChar \- Infomation of system characters in MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "const char* GUIAPI GetSysCharset" "(void);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI DoesSupportCharset" "(const char* charset);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SetSysCharset" "(const char* charset);"
.PP
.BI "int GUIAPI GetSysCharWidth" "(void);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetSysCCharWidth" "(void);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetSysCharHeight" "(void);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI GetSysTabbedTextExtent" "(const char* spText, SIZE* pSize);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBGetSysCharset\fP function gets system character set. Generally, the default system charset is GB2312-80, but you can change it by modifying \fBMiniGUI.cfg\fP. This function will return the address of the charset string.
.PP
\fBDoesSupportCharset\fP function determines whether MiniGUI supports the specified character set (\fBcharset\fP).
.PP
\fBSetSysCharset\fP function sets system charset to the specified charset. This function will return \fBTRUE\fP if success, else return \fBFALSE\fP.
.PP
\fBGetSysCharWidth\fP function gets the width of the system single-byte character. MiniGUI use mono-space font as system font, but you can specify a diffrent font to output text in windows of MiniGUI.
.PP
\fBGetSysCCharWidth\fP function gets the width of the system multi-byte character.
.PP
\fBGetSysCharHeight\fP function gets the height of the system character.
.PP
\fBGetSysTabbedTextExtent\fP function gets the output extent of a formatted string (\fBspText\fP) when using system font. This function will return the extent in SIZE struct pointed to by \fBpSize\fP.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR MiniGUI.cfg (5),
.BR CreateLogFont (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
