.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "Screen" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Screen \- Screen image operations.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI SaveScreenBox" "(int x, int y, int w, int h, void* vbuf);"
.br
.BI "void* GUIAPI SaveCoveredScreenBox" "(int x, int y, int w, int h);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SaveMainWindowContent" "(HWND hWnd, const char* filename);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI PutSavedBoxOnScreen" "(int x, int y, int w, int h, void* vbuf);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI PutSavedBoxOnDC" "(HDC hdc, int x, int y, int w, int h, void* vbuf);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI ScreenCopy" "(int sx, int sy, HDC hdc, int dx, int dy);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBSaveScreenBox\fP function saves screen image in the memory pointed to by \fBvbuf\fP. The image box begins at \fB(x, y)\fP, and is \fBw\fP wide and \fBh\fP high. You must sure that \fBvbuf\fP is big enough to store the image.
.PP
\fBSaveCoveredScreenBox\fP function is similar with \fBSaveScreenBox\fP, but this function will allocate memory for you. When allocation of memory failure, the function will return \fBNULL\fP to indicate this error case.
.PP
\fBSaveMainWindowContent\fP function saves a main window image content into a file named \fBfilename\fP in Windows BMP file format. The handle \fBhWnd\fP specifies the main window. If there are some errors occurred, this function will return \fBFALSE\fP, else return \fBTRURE\fP.
.PP
\fBPutSavedBoxOnScreen\fP function puts a pre-saved image in the memory pointed to by \fBvbuf\fP on the screen. This function will scale the image when necessary.
.PP
\fBPutSavedBoxOnDC\fP function puts a pre-saved image in the memory pointed to by \fBvbuf\fP on the DC \fBhdc\fP.
.PP
\fBScreenCopy\fP function copies screen ranged in the DC \fBhdc\fP from \fB(sx, xy)\fP to \fB(dx, dy)\fP. Note that the coordinates are in device coordinate system.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR FillBoxWithBitmap (3),
.BR BitBlt (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
