.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "CaretHandler" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
CaretHandler \- Caret support in MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>

.PP
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI CreateCaret" "(HWND hWnd, PBITMAP pBitmap, int nWidth, int nHeight);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ChangeCaretSize" "(HWND hWnd, int newWidth, int newHeight);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ActiveCaret" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "UINT GUIAPI GetCaretBlinkTime" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetCaretBlinkTime" "(HWND hWnd, UINT uTime);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI DestroyCaret" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI HideCaret" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ShowCaret" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetCaretPos" "(HWND hWnd, int x, int y);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI GetCaretPos" "(HWND hWnd, PPOINT pPt);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBCreateCaret\fP function creates a new shape for the system caret and assigns ownership of the caret to the specified window. The caret shape can be a line, a block, or a bitmap. 
.PP
\fBChangeCaretSize\fP function changes the size(width and height) of the caret owned by the specified window.
.PP
\fBActiveCaret\fP function activates the caret owned by specified window.
.PP
\fBGetCaretBlinkTime\fP function returns the elapsed time, in milliseconds, required to invert the caret's pixels. 
.PP
\fBSetCaretBlinkTime\fP function sets the caret blink time to the specified number of milliseconds. The blink time is the elapsed time, in milliseconds, required to invert the caret's pixels. 
.PP
\fBDestroyCaret\fP function destroys the caret's current shape, frees the caret from the window, and removes the caret from the screen. 
.PP
\fBHideCaret\fP function removes the caret from the screen. Hiding a caret does not destroy its current shape or invalidate the insertion point. 
.PP
\fBShowCaret\fP function makes the caret visible on the screen at the caret's current position. When the caret becomes visible, it begins flashing automatically. 
.PP
\fBSetCaretPos\fP function moves the caret to the specified coordinates. 
.PP
\fBGetCaretPos\fP function copies the caret's position, in client coordinates, to the specified \fBPOINT\fP structure
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Song Lixin <zjujoe@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
