.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "DCClipping" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
DCClipping \- Clipping support in MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI ExcludeClipRect" "(HDC hdc, int left, int top, int right, int bottom);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI IncludeClipRect" "(HDC hdc, int left, int top, int right, int bottom);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI ClipRectIntersect" "(HDC hdc, const RECT* prc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI SelectClipRect" "(HDC hdc, const RECT* prc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI SelectClipRegion" "(HDC hdc, const CLIPRGN* pRgn);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI GetBoundsRect" "(HDC hdc, RECT* pRect);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI PtVisible" "(HDC hdc, const POINT* pPt);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI RectVisible" "(HDC hdc, const RECT* pRect);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBExcludeClipRect\fP function excludes the specified rect \fB(left, top, right, bottom)\fP from the local clipping region of the DC.
.PP
\fBIncludeClipRect\fP function includes the specified rect \fB(left, top, right, bottom)\fP into the local clipping region of the DC.
.PP
\fBClipRectIntersect\fP function intersects the specified rect \fBprc\fP with the local clipping region of the DC.
.PP
\fBSelectClipRect\fP function sets the local clipping region of the DC to the rect pointed to by \fBprc\fP.
.PP
\fBSelectClipRegion\fP function sets the local clipping region of the DC to the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP.
.PP
\fBGetBoundsRect\fP function retrives the bounding rect of the current local clipping region of the DC. The struct pointed to by \fBpRect\fP will receive the bounding rect.
.PP
\fBPtVisible\fP function checks whether the point specified by \fBpPt\fP is visible, i.e. it is within the current local clipping region of the DC.
.PP
\fBRectVisible\fP function checks whether the rect specified by \fBpRect\fP is visible, i.e. it is intersected with the current local clipping region of the DC.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
\fBPtVisible\fP and \fBRectVisible\fP functions return \fBTRUE\fP when the point or rect is visible, else return \fBFALSE\fP.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR ClipRgnIntersect (3),
.BR SetClipRgn (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
