.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "IMEHandler" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
IMEHandler \- IME related functions.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "int IMEWinProc" "(HWND hWnd, int message, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "void* IMEWindow" "(void* data);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI RegisterIMEWindow" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI UnregisterIMEWindow" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetIMEStatus" "(int StatusCode);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SetIMEStatus" "(int StatusCode, int Value);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBIMEWinProc\fP function is the message handling function of the IME window.
.PP
\fBIMEWindow\fP function Creates an IME window.
.PP
\fBRegisterIMEWindow\fP function registers an IME window.After that,the keyboard input will be sent to IME window first.\fBNote\fP,Only one IME window can be registered. 
.PP
\fBUnregisterIMEWindow\fP function undoes the effect of \fBRegisterIMEWindow\fP.
.PP
\fBGetIMEStatus\fP function retrieves some status of the IME window. Parameter \fBStatusCode\fP specifies which state to retrieve.
.PP
\fBSetIMEStatus\fP function sets some status of the IME window. Parameter StatusCode specify which state to set.
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Song Lixin <zjujoe@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
