.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "CreateDestroyWindow" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
CreateDestroyWindow \- Create and Destroy Window

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "HWND GUIAPI CreateWindow" "(const char* spClassName, const char* spCaption, DWORD dwStyle, int id, int x, int y, int w, int h, HWND hParentWnd, DWORD dwAddData);"
.br
.BI "HWND GUIAPI CreateWindowEx" "(const char* spClassName, const char* spCaption, DWORD dwStyle, DWORD dwExStyle, int id, int x, int y, int w, int h, HWND hParentWnd, DWORD dwAddData);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI DestroyWindow" "(HWND hWnd);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBCreateWindow\fP function creates a child window. It specifies the window class, window title, window style, and the initial position and size of the window. The function also specifies the window's parent or owner, if any.  
.PP
\fBCreateWindowEx\fP function creates a child window with extended styles. It specifies the window class, window title, window style, windows extended styles, and the initial position and size of the window. The function also specifies the window's parent or owner, if any.  
.PP
\fBDestroyWindow\fP function destroys the specified window. The function sends \fBWM_DESTROY\fP and \fBWM_NCDESTROY\fP messages to the window to deactivate it and remove the keyboard focus from it. 
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Song Lixin <zjujoe@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
