.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "Timer" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Timer \- Timer handle function.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetTimer" "(HWND hWnd, int id, int speed);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI KillTimer" "(HWND hWnd, int id);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetTimerSpeed" "(HWND hWnd, int id, int speed);"
.br
.BI "unsigned int GUIAPI GetTickCount" "(void);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBSetTimer\fP function creates a timer with the specified time-out speed value. 
\fBNOTE:\fP Parameter \fBspedd\fP may represent the frequency of the timer, or represent the time-out value of the timer. This is depend on the run-time library of MiniGUI. If \fB_MGTIMER_UNIT_10MS\fP is defined, \fBspeed\fP represents the time-out value of the timer, in the unit of 10ms, else is the frequency.  If \fBspeed\fP represents the frequency of the timer, when \fBspeed\fP is equal to 10, the timer will expire after every second.
.PP
\fBKillTimer\fP function destroys the specified timer. 
.PP
\fBSetTimerSpeed\fP function adjusts a timer with the specified time-out speed value.
.PP
\fBGetTickCount\fP function retrieves the number of milliseconds that have elapsed since MiniGUI was started. It is limited to the resolution of the system timer. 
.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Song Lixin <zjujoe@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
