.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "GetSysText" "3" "July 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
GetSysText \- get MiniGUI system text in i18n applications.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/minigui.h>
.PP
.BI "extern const char* SysText [];"
.PP
.BI "const char* GetSysText" "(const char* text);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
When MiniGUI display some system messages, it will call \fBGetSysText\fP function to translate system text. You can use \fBgettext\fP to return the text. Global variable \fBSysText\fP contains all text used by MiniGUI.
.PP
You must implement \fBGetSysText\fP by yourself. However, there is a \fBdti.c\fP file, which defines the function as default actions. You can use these functions in your own \fBdti.c\fP by including this file in your \fBdti.c\fP file, as follows:
.PP
.nf
#include <minigui/dti.c>
.fi
.PP
Or you can use macros to disable the default functions and define your own instances:
.PP
.nf
// Use macro to disable system defined GetSysText

#define DONT_USE_SYS_GETSYSTEXT
#include <minigui/dti.c>

// Define your own instance here.
const char* GetSysText (const char* text)
{
    return gettext (text);
}
.fi

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR gettext (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

