.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "Icon" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Icon \- Icon operations in MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "HICON GUIAPI LoadIconFromFile" "(HDC hdc, const char* filename, int which);"
.br
.BI "HICON GUIAPI CreateIcon" "(HDC hdc, int w, int h, const BYTE* AndBits, const BYTE* XorBits, int colornum);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI DestroyIcon" "(HICON hicon);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI DrawIcon" "(HDC hdc, int x, int y, int w, int h, HICON hicon);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBLoadIconFromFile\fP function load icon from a Windows ICO file named \fBfilename\fP and creates an icon object. This function can load mono- and 16-color icons. Some Windows ICO file contain two icons in different sizes. You can tell this function to load which icon though \fBwhich\fP, \fB0\fP for the first icon, and \fB1\fP for the second icon. Generally, the later icon is the larger icon.
.PP
\fBCreateIcon\fP function creates an icon object from the memory. 
.PP
\fBDestroyIcon\fP function destroys the icon object \fBhicon\fP.
.PP
\fBDrawIcon\fP function draws the icon \fBhicon\fP in a box specified by \fB(x, y, w, h)f\fP.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
The functions creating icon return the handle to the created icon. They will return 0 when error occurred.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR LoadBitmap (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
