.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "ClipRgn" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
ClipRgn \- operations of region.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI InitClipRgn" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, PFREECLIPRECTLIST pFreeList);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ClipRgnCopy" "(PCLIPRGN pDstRgn, const CLIPRGN* pSrcRgn);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ClipRgnIntersect" "(PCLIPRGN pRstRgn, const CLIPRGN* pRgn1, const CLIPRGN* pRgn2);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI GetClipRgnBoundRect" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, PRECT pRect);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetClipRgn" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, const RECT* pRect);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI IsEmptyClipRgn" "(const CLIPRGN* pRgn);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI EmptyClipRgn" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI AddClipRect" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, const RECT* pRect);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI IntersectClipRect" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, const RECT* pRect);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SubtractClipRect" "(PCLIPRGN pRgn, const RECT* pRect);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
Region in MiniGUI is a set of no-intersected rects. We call region as clipping region in functions due to the reason of history.
.PP
\fBInitClipRgn\fP function initializes the region specified by \fBpRgn\fP, and tells the region to use \fBpFreeList\fP to allocate rects.
.PP
\fBClipRgnCopy\fP function copies the region pointed to by \fBpSrcRgn\fP to the region pointed to by \fBpDstRgn\fP. This function will empty the region \fBpDstRgn\fP first.
.PP
\fBClipRgnIntersect\fP function gets the intersection of two regions pointed to by \fBpRgn1\fP and \fBpRgn2\fP respectively and puts the result to the region pointed to by \fBpRstRgn\fP.
.PP
\fBGetClipRgnBoundRect\fP function gets the bounding rect of the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP, and returns the rect in the rect pointed to by \fBpRect\fP.
.PP
\fBSetClipRgn\fP function sets the region \fBpRgn\fP to contain only a rect pointed to by \fBpRect\fP. This function will empty the region first.
.PP
\fBIsEmptyClipRgn\fP function determines whether the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP is an empty region. TRUE for empty one, else for not empty region.
.PP
\fBEmptyClipRgn\fP function empties the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP.
.PP
\fBAddClipRect\fP function appends a rect to the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP.
.PP
\fBIntersectClipRect\fP function intersects the region pointed to by \fBpRgn\fP with a rect pointed to by \fBpRect\fP.
.PP
\fBSubtractClipRect\fP function substracts a rect pointed to by \fBprect\fP from the region \fBpRgn\fP.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
All above functions return FALSE when an error occurred, else return TRUE to indicate success.

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR InitFreeClipRectList (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
