.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "PenBrush" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
PenBrush \- get/set the pen and brush attributes of a DC.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI GetPenColor" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI SetPenColor" "(HDC hdc, gal_pixel color);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetPenType" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SetPenType" "(HDC hdc, int pentype);"
.PP
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI GetBrushColor" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI SetBrushColor" "(HDC hdc, gal_pixel color);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetBrushType" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SetBrushType" "(HDC hdc, int brushtype);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBGetPenColor\fP function returns the pen color of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetPenColor\fP function sets the pen color of the DC.
.PP
\fBGetPenType\fP function gets the pen type of the DC. So far, this function has no effect.
.PP
\fBSetPenType\fP function sets the pen type of the DC. So far, this function has no effect.
.PP
\fBGetBrushColor\fP function returns the brush color of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetBrushColor\fP function set the brush color of the DC.
.PP
\fBGetBrushType\fP function returns the brush type of the DC. So far, this function has no effect.
.PP
\fBSetBrushType\fP function sets the brush type of the DC. So far, this function has no effect.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
The \fBGet...\fP functions return the value wanted. The \fBSet...\fP functions return the old value.

.SH "NOTE"
.PP
So far, there is no any advanced 2D raster operation in MiniGUI. So some function above have not any effect.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR LineTo (3),
.BR Rectangle (3),
.BR FillBox (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
