.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000, 2001 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000, 2001 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "Lite" "3" "Feb. 2001" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Lite \- MiniGUI-Lite specific functions.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/minigui.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetDesktopRect" "(int lx, int ty, int rx, int by);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI GetDesktopRect" "(int* lx, int* ty, int* rx, int* by);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ServerStartup" "(void);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetClientScreen" "(int lx, int ty, int rx, int by);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI OnlyMeCanDraw" "(void);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI ClientCanDrawNowEx" "(BOOL bRepaint);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI SetTopMostClient" "(int cli);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetClientByPID" "(int pid);"
.br
.BI "int cli_request" "(PREQUEST request, void* result, int len_rslt);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI RegisterRequestHandler" "(int req_id, REQ_HANDLER your_handler);"
.br
.BI "REQ_HANDLER GUIAPI GetRequestHandler" "(int req_id);"
.br
.BI "int get_sock_fd2srv" "(void);"
.br
.BI "int sock_write" "(int fd, const void* buff, int count);"
.br
.BI "int sock_read" "(int fd, void* buff, int count);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI RegisterListenFD" "(int fd, int type, HWND hwnd, void* context);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI UnregisterListenFD" "(int fd);"

.PP
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.PP
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI Send2TopMostClient" "(int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBSetDesktopRect\fP function sets the desktop rect of server or client, must called before create any window.
.PP
\fBGetDesktopRect\fP function gets the desktop rect of server or client.
.PP
\fBServerStartup\fP: Call this function to be a server of MiniGUI-Lite. And the first argument of command line must be `mginit'.
.PP
\fBSetClientScreen\fP: Call this function by server to set the screen of clients.
.PP
\fBOnlyMeCanDraw\fP: Call this function by server to disable the screen output of clients.
.PP
\fBClientCanDrawNowEx\fP: Call this function by server to tell the topmost client can draw to screen and/or refresh its content.
.PP
\fBSetTopMostClient\fP: Call this function by server to set the topmost client.
.PP
\fBGetClientByPID\fP: Call this function by server to get the client id from PID of client.
.PP
\fBcli_request\fP: Call this function by clients to send a request to server.
.PP
\fBRegisterRequestHandler\fP: Call this function by server to register a request handler.
.PP
\fBGetRequestHandler\fP: Get the request handler of specified request id.
.PP
\fBget_sock_fd2srv\fP: Call this function by clients to get the socket descriptor connected to server.
.PP
\fBsock_write\fP: Helper functions for socket writing operation.
.PP
\fBsock_read\fP: Helper functions for socket writing operation.
.PP
\fBSend2TopMostClient\fP function send a message to the topmost client.

.PP
\fBRegisterListenFD\fP: Call this function to register a listen fd to MiniGUI. When there is a read event on this fd, MiniGUI will post a MSG_FDEVENT message with wParam being equal to MAKELONG (fd, type) to the target window.
.PP
\fBUnregisterListenFD\fP: Call this function to unregister the fd registered by \fBRegisterListenFD\fP.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Wei Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
