.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date.  The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "Misc" "3" "July 2000" "MiniGUI"
.SH "NAME"
Misc \- the miscellouse functions of MiniGUI 
.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/minigui.h>
.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI Ping" "(void);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Beep" "(void);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Tone" "(int frequency_hz, int duration_ms);"
.PP
.BI "void* GUIAPI GetOriginalTermIO" "(void);"
.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI Draw3DUpFrame" "(HDC hDC, int l, int t, int r, int b, int fillc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Draw3DDownFrame" "(HDC hDC, int l, int t, int r, int b, int fillc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Draw3DUpThickFrame" "(HDC hDC, int l, int t, int r, int b, int fillc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Draw3DDownThickFrame" "(HDC hDC, int l, int t, int r, int b, int fillc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI Draw3DBorder" "(HDC hDC, int l, int t, int r, int b);"
.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI DisabledTextOut" "(HDC hDC, int x, int y, const char* szText);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBPing\fP print a "\\a" to \fBstdout\fP.
.PP
\fBBeep\fP functions same as \fBPing\fP.
.PP
\fBTone\fP make a tone with \fBfrequency_hz\fP Hertz by using PC speaker. The tone will go on \fBduration_ms\fP milliseconds. Note that this function will not function on X Window. Also note that the function will return immetiately other than waiting within the duration of the tone.
.PP
\fBGetOriginalTermIO\fP returns the original \fBtermio\fP before MiniGUI startup. Before switch to graphics mode on console, MiniGUI will save the original \fBtermio\fP of the console. You can get the \fBtermio\fP with this function. 
.PP
\fBDraw3DUpFrame\fP draws a 3D frame looks like up, and fills the frame with \fBfillc\fP color if \fBfillc\fP is greater than or equal to zero.  
.PP
\fBDraw3DDownFrame\fP draws a 3D frame looks like down, and fill frame with \fBfillc\fP color if \fBfillc\fP is greater than or equal to zero. 
.PP
\fBDraw3DUpThickFrame\fP functions like \fBDraw3DUpFrame\fP, but draws a thin frame other than thick frame.
.PP
\fBDraw3DDownThickFrame\fP functions like \fBDraw3DDownFrame\fP, but draws a thin frame other than thick frame.
.PP
\fBDraw3DBorder\fP draws the border of a 3D-look frame.
.PP
\fBDisabledTextOut\fP outputs a gray text pointer to \fBszText\fP at \fB(x, y)\fP by using \fBTextOut\fP.
.PP
\fBhDC\fP is the handle to current display content.
.PP
\fBl, t, r, b\fP are the left, top, right, bottom of the rectangle respectively.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR TextOut "(3), " iotcl (2)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

