.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "MapTransf" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
MapTransf \- coordinates transform

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "void GUIAPI DPtoLP" "(HDC hdc, POINT* pPt);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI LPtoDP" "(HDC hdc, POINT* pPt);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBDPtoLP\fP function converts device coordinates into logical coordinates. The conversion depends on the mapping mode of the display context, the settings of the origins and extents for the window and viewport. The x-coordinate and y-coordinate contained in struct \fBpPt\fP will be transformed.
.PP
\fBLPtoDP\fP function converts logical coordinates into device coordinates. The conversion depends on the mapping mode of the display context, the settings of the origins and extents for the window and viewport. The x-coordinate and y-coordinate contained in struct \fBpPt\fP will be transformed.

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR SetMapMode (3),
.BR SetWindowOrg (3),
.BR SetWindowExt (3),
.BR SetViewportOrg (3),
.BR SetViewportExt (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

