.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "DC" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
DC \- get and release display context.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.PP
.BI "HDC GUIAPI GetDC" "(HWND hwnd);"
.br
.BI "HDC GUIAPI GetClientDC" "(HWND hwnd);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI ReleaseDC" "(HDC hdc);"
.PP
.BI "HDC GUIAPI CreateCompatibleDC" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI DeleteCompatibleDC" "(HDC hdc);"
.PP
.BI "HDC GUIAPI CreatePrivateDC" "(HWND hwnd);"
.br
.BI "HDC GUIAPI CreatePrivateClientDC" "(HWND hwnd);"
.br
.BI "HDC GUIAPI GetPrivateClientDC" "(HWND hwnd);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI DeletePrivateDC" "(HDC hdc);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBGetDC\fP function gets a window DC of the specified \fBhwnd\fP, and returns the handle of the DC.
.PP
\fBGetClientDC\fP function gets a client DC of the specified \fBhwnd\fP, and returns the handle of the DC.
.PP
\fBReleaseDC\fP function releases the DC returned by \fBGetDC\fP or \fBGetClientDC\fP.
.PP
\fBCreateCompatibleDC\fP function creates a DC which is compatible with specified \fBhdc\fP, and returns the handle of the DC.
.PP
\fBDeleteCompatibleDC\fP function deletes the DC created by \fBCreateCompatibleDC\fP.
.PP
\fBCreatePrivateDC\fP function creates a private window DC of the window \fBhwnd\fP and returns the handle of the DC. This DC is created in system heap, rather than allocated from DC pool.
.PP
\fBCreatePrivateClientDC\fP function creates a private client DC of the window \fBhwnd\fP and returns the handle of the DC. This DC is created in system heap, rather than allocated from DC pool.
.PP
\fBGetPrivateClientDC\fP function returns the private client DC of the window \fBhwnd\fP with style WS_EX_USEPRIVATECDC.
.PP
\fBDeletePrivateDC\fP function deletes the DC returned by \fBCreatePrivateDC\fP or \fBCreatePrivateClientDC\fP.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
For the \fBCreate...\fP or \fBGet...\fP functions, the functions will return the handle of the DC. The functions will return HDC_INVALID when an error occurred.

.SH "NOTE"
.PP
MiniGUI uses \fBCreatePrivateDC\fP and \fBCreatePrivateClientDC\fP to create private DC for the window with style WS_EX_USEPRIVATECDC. You can create a private DC to avoid invorking \fBGetDC\fP or \fBGetClientDC\fP to get DC when you receive a MSG_CREATE message. Note that you should call \fBDeletePrivateDC\fP to delete the private DC.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR BeginPaint (3),
.BR EndPaint (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.
