.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "DCAttr" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
DCAttr \- get/set the general attributes of DC.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "int GUIAPI GetGDCapability" "(HDC hdc, int iItem);"
.PP
.BI "int GUIAPI SetBkMode" "(HDC hdc, int bkmode);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI GetBkMode" "(HDC hdc);"
.PP
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI GetBkColor" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI SetBkColor" "(HDC hdc, gal_pixel color);"
.PP
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI GetTextColor" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "gal_pixel GUIAPI SetTextColor" "(HDC hdc, gal_pixel color);"
.PP
.BI "int GUIAPI GetTabStop" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SetTabStop" "(HDC hdc, int new_value);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBGetGDCapability\fP function returns a capability specified by \fBiItem\fP of the DC \fBhdc\fP. \fBiItem\fP can be one of the following values:
.PP
.IP \fBGDCAP_COLORNUM\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the colors number of the DC.
.IP \fBGDCAP_HPIXEL\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the horizontal resolution of the DC.
.IP \fBGDCAP_VPIXEL\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the vertical resolution of the DC.
.IP \fBGDCAP_MAXX\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the maximal visible x value of the DC.
.IP \fBGDCAP_MAXY\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the maximal visible y value of the DC.
.IP \fBGDCAP_DEPTH\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the color depth of the DC. The returned value can be 1, 4, 8, 15, 16, 24, or 32.
.IP \fBGDCAP_BPP\fP
Tell \fBGetDCCapability\fP to return the bytes number for storing a pixle in the DC.
.PP
\fBGetBkColor\fP function gets the background color of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetBkColor\fP function sets the background color of the DC to the color specified by \fBcolor\fP.
.PP
\fBGetBkMode\fP function gets the background mode of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetBkMode\fP function sets the background mode of the DC. Background modes in MiniGUI are:
.PP
.IP \fBBM_TRANSPARENT\fP
Indicate that reserve the background untouched when draw text.
.IP \fBBM_OPAQUE\fP
Indicate that erase the background with background color when draw text.
.PP
\fBGetTextColor\fP function gets the text color of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetTextColor\fP function sets the text color to the color specified by \fBcolor\fP.
.PP
\fBGetTabStop\fP function gets the tab stops of the DC.
.PP
\fBSetTabStop\fP function sets the tab stops of the DC to the new value specified by \fBnew_value\fP.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP
The \fBGet...\fP functions return the value wanted. The \fBSet...\fP functions return the old value.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR RGB2Pixel (3),
.BR TextOut (3),
.BR TabbedTextOutLen (3),
.BR TabbedTextOutEx (3),
.BR DrawText (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

