.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.TH "LogFont" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
LogFont \- Logical fonts in MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/gdi.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "PLOGFONT GUIAPI CreateLogFont" "(const char* type, const char* family, const char* charset, char weight, char slant, char set_width, char spacing, char underline, char struckout, int size, int rotation);"
.br
.BI "PLOGFONT GUIAPI CreateLogFontIndirect" "(PLOGFONT logfont);"
.br
.BI "void GUIAPI DestroyLogFont" "(PLOGFONT log_font);"
.br
.BI "PLOGFONT GUIAPI GetSystemFont" "(int font_id);"
.br
.BI "PLOGFONT GUIAPI GetCurFont" "(HDC hdc);"
.br
.BI "PLOGFONT GUIAPI SelectFont" "(HDC hdc, PLOGFONT log_font);"
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBCreateLogFont\fP function creates a logical font. Note that the size of logical font may be different from the size expected, and you can specify \fBrotation\fP only for TrueType font. The \fBrotation\fP is in units of tenth degrees.
.PP
\fBCreateLogFontIndirect\fP function creates a logical font. Note that the size of logical font may be different from the size expected.
.PP
\fBDestroyLogFont\fP function destroys a logical font \fBlog_font\fP.
.PP
\fBGetSystemFont\fP function retrives the system logical font. \fBfont_id\fP is the identifier of system font. So far, you can only use \fBSYSLOGFONT_DEFAULT\fP as the value.
.PP
\fBGetCurFont\fP function retrives the current logical font in the DC. When initializes a DC, MiniGUI will set system font as its default logical font. 
.PP
\fBSelectFont\fP function selects a logical font into the DC. This function returns the handle to the old logical font.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR TextOut (3),
.BR GetSysCharWidth (3)

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by WEI Yongming <ymwei@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

