.\" This manpage is Copyright (C) 2000 Wei Yongming
.\"                               2000 BluePoint Software
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to make and distribute verbatim copies of this
.\" manual provided the copyright notice and this permission notice are
.\" preserved on all copies.
.\"
.\" Permission is granted to copy and distribute modified versions of this
.\" manual under the conditions for verbatim copying, provided that the
.\" entire resulting derived work is distributed under the terms of a
.\" permission notice identical to this one.
.\"
.\" Since MiniGUI is constantly changing, this
.\" manual page may be incorrect or out-of-date. The author(s) assume no
.\" responsibility for errors or omissions, or for damages resulting from
.\" the use of the information contained herein.  The author(s) may not
.\" have taken the same level of care in the production of this manual,
.\" which is licensed free of charge, as they might when working
.\" professionally.
.\"
.\" Formatted or processed versions of this manual, if unaccompanied by
.\" the source, must acknowledge the copyright and authors of this work.
.\" Modified 2000/11/30 by Wei Yongming.

.TH "Message" "3" "August 2000" "MiniGUI"

.SH "NAME"
Message \- message function of MiniGUI.

.SH "SYNOPSIS"
.B #include <minigui/window.h>
.br

.PP
.BI "int GUIAPI GetMessage" "(PMSG pMsg, HWND hMainWnd);"
.br
.BI "BOOL GUIAPI HavePendingMessage" "(HWND hMainWnd);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI PostMessage" "(HWND hWnd, int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SendMessage" "(HWND hWnd, int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI PostSyncMessage" "(HWND hWnd, int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SendAsyncMessage" "(HWND hWnd, int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI SendNotifyMessage" "(HWND hWnd, int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI BroadcastMessage" "(int iMsg, WPARAM wParam, LPARAM lParam);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI PostQuitMessage" "(HWND hWnd);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI TranslateMessage" "(PMSG pMsg);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI DispatchMessage" "(PMSG pMsg);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI ThrowAwayMessages" "(HWND pMainWnd);"
.br
.BI "int GUIAPI TranslateAccelerator" "(HWND hWnd, HACCEL hAccel, PMSG pMsg);"

.SH "DESCRIPTION"
.PP
\fBGetMessage\fP function gets a message from the message queue of the window \fBhWnd\fP. It will return until there is a message in the message queue. 
.PP
\fBHavePendingMessage\fP function checks if there is any message in the message queue. This function returns TRUE when message queue is not empty. 
.PP
\fBPostMessage\fP function posts a message into the message queue of the window \fBhWnd\fP and returns immediatly. 
.PP
\fBSendMessage\fP function sends a message to the window \fBhWnd\fP.
.PP
\fBPostSyncMessage\fP function posts a synchronous message to the destination window \fBhWnd\fP, and returns until the message is handled by the window procedure. Note that the destination window must belong to other thread.
.PP
\fBSendAsyncMessage\fP function sends a asynchronous message to the destination window \fBhWnd\fP, and calls the window procedure immediately. Note that this function may corrupt your data.
.PP
\fBSendNotifyMessage\fP function sends a notification message to the destination window \fBhWnd\fP. If the window is belong to the same thread, this function acts same as \fBSendMessage\fP, else same as \fBPostMessage\fP.
.PP
\fBBroadcastMessage\fP function broadcasts a message to all main window on the desktop. 
.PP
\fBPostQuitMessage\fP function puts a MSG_QUIT message into the message queue. 
.PP
\fBTranslateMessage\fP function translates key down and key up message to WM_CHAR message and puts it into message queue. 
.PP
\fBDispatchMessage\fP function dispatchs a message to the destination window's callback procedure. 
.PP
\fBThrowAwayMessages\fP function removes all messages in the message queue associated with the current window.
.PP
\fBTranslateAccelerator\fP function translates an accelerator key message to WM_COMMAND messge and sends it to window procdure.

.SH "RETURN VALUE"
.PP

.SH "NOTE"
.PP

.SH "SEE ALSO"

.SH "AUTHOR"
.PP
This manual page was edited by Kevin <kevin@minigui.org>.
If you have any problems, comments or found some bugs, please send messages to me.

