.TH MiniGUI.cfg 5 "August 2000" "libminigui" "MiniGUI User Documentation"

.SH NAME
MiniGUI.cfg \- The configuration file of MiniGUI.

.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
In MiniGUI, you can get specific values from \fBetc\fP files using \fBGetValueFromEtcFile\fP and \fBGetIntValueFromEtcFile\fP. Etc files are text configuration files with same format as Windows INI files. A etc file has following simple format:
.PP
.nf
[section0]
key0=value0
key1=value1

[section1]
key0=value0
key1=value1
.fi
.PP
As you have seen, etc files are composed by \fBsections\fP. Every \fBvalue\fP in etc file is refrenced by \fBkey\fP. You should specify section name and key name to find a specific value.
.PP
MiniGUI uses a ETC file to store some system configuration data. This file is named MiniGUI.cfg. By default, this file will be installed in /etc directory. However, if there is a MiniGUI.cfg file in /usr/local/etc or in your home directory (saved as .MiniGUI.cfg), MiniGUI will use the latter MiniGUI.cfg file to get configuration data, so can override your system /etc/MiniGUI.cfg file.
.PP
This manpage describes the sections in MiniGUI.cfg file.

.SH "SECTIONS"
.SS
o system
.PP
\fBsystem\fP section defines system information of MiniGUI, including graphics engine, mouse type and mouse device. \fBengine\fP key specifies the graphics engine and \fBmdev\fP specifies the mouse device and \fBmtype\fP the mouse type.
.PP
If your graphics engine needs some other configuration data, these data will go into a section named by the engine name. For example, if your graphics engine is \fBSVGALib\fP, \fBSVGALib\fP section will define the configuration data for SVGALib.
.SS
o systemfont
.PP
\fBsystemfont\fP section defines system fonts for MiniGUI. \fBfont_number\fP key specifies the number of fonts, and \fBname?\fP key and \fBfontfile?\fP key define the font name and the path of the font file respectively. \fBname0\fP and \fBfontfile0\fP for the first font, \fBname1\fP and \fBfontfile1\fP for the second font, and so forth.
.PP
Generally, system fonts have identical size (height of font), but each belongs to a different charset. The first font should belong to a single-byte character charset.
.SS
o rawbitmapfonts
.PP
\fBrawbitmapfonts\fP section defines \fBRaw Bitmap Fonts\fP can be used by MiniGUI. The pattern of this section is similiar with \fBsystemfont\fP section.
.SS
o varbitmapfonts
.PP
\fBvarbitmapfonts\fP section defines \fBVar Bitmap Fonts\fP can be used by MiniGUI. The pattern of this section is similiar with \fBsystemfont\fP section.
.SS
o truetypefonts 
.PP
\fBtruetypefonts\fP section defines \fBTrue Type Fonts\fP can be used by MiniGUI. The pattern of this section is similiar with \fBsystemfont\fP section.
o type1fonts 
.PP
\fBtype1fonts\fP section defines \fBAdobe Type1 Fonts\fP can be used by MiniGUI. The pattern of this section is similiar with \fBsystemfont\fP section.
.SS
o bgpicture
.PP
\fBbgpicture\fP section defines the position of the background picture in MiniGUI. 
.SS
o mouse
.PP
\fBmouse\fP section defines the mouse configuration data. No need to change this section.
.SS
o event
.PP
\fBevent\fP section defines the event handling configuration data. No need to change this section.
.SS
o cursorinfo
.PP
\fBcursorinfo\fP section defines the cursors can be used by MiniGUI. \fBcursorpath\fP key specifies the path of cursor files, and \fBcursornumber\fP key specifies the number of cursor should be loaded at startup of MiniGUI. \fBcursor0, cursor1, cursor2, ...\fP keys specify the name of each cursor file. If you define \fBcursornumber\fP as zero, there will be no mouse cursor displayed in MiniGUI application.
.SS
o iconinfo
.PP
\fBiconinfo\fP section defines the icons can be used by MiniGUI. \fBiconpath\fP key specifies the path of icon files, and \fBiconnumber\fP key specifies the number of icon should be loaded at startup of MiniGUI. \fBicon0, icon1, icon2, ...\fP keys specify the name of each icon file. 
.SS
o bitmapinfo
.PP
\fBbitmapinfo\fP section defines the bitmaps used by MiniGUI. \fBbitmappath\fP key specifies the path of bitmap files, and other keys specify the bitmap file names. You can change the value of \fBbgpicture\fP key to specify a different background picture, or change the value of \fBlogo\fP key to specify a different logo picture. No need to change other values.
.SS
o mainwinmetrics
.PP
\fBmainwinmetrics\fP section defines the metrics of main windows.
.SS
o windowelementcolors
.PP
\fBwindowelementcolors\fP section defines colors of window elements in RGB.
.SS
o imeinfo
.PP
\fBimeinfo\fP section defines the Hanzi Input Methods can be used by MiniGUI. \fBimepath\fP key specifies the path of files used by IME, and \fBimenumber\fP key specifies the number of IME should be loaded at startup of IME window. \fBime0, ime1, ...\fP keys specify the name of each IME.
.SS
o appinfo
.PP
\fBappinfo\fP section defines the applications information of MiniGUI. So far, MiniGUI only uses this section to define the path storing application resource files.

.SH COPYING
.PP
Copyright (C) 1998, 1999, 2000, WEI Yongming.
.BR
Copyright (C) 2000, BluePoint Software.
.BR
Portion copyright (C) 2000, Song Lixin.
.BR
Portion copyright (C) 2000, Zheng Xiang.

.PP
MiniGUI is free woftware; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Library General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.
.PP
This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU Library General Public License for more details.
.PP
You should have received a copy of the GNU Library General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 59 Temple Place - Suite 330, Boston, MA 02111-1307, USA

